# ACRIC

## Abstract
Integrating modern communication technologies into legacy systems, such as Industrial Control Systems and in-vehicle networks, invalidates the isolated and trusted operating environment assumptions. Security incidents like the 2015 Ukraine power grid attack and the 2021 compromise of a U.S. water treatment facility demonstrate how increased interconnectivity, paired with insufficient security measures, exposes these critical systems to cyber threats with national and public safety risks. These attacks were favored by the lack of proper message authentication and integrity protection, highlighting their importance as primary countermeasures to address these vulnerabilities and enhance system security. Solutions proposed in the literature remain largely unadopted in practice due to challenges such as preserving backward compatibility, additional hardware requirements, and limited computational resources of legacy devices to support cryptographic operations. Moreover, many solutions are tailored to specific  protocols, necessitating complex and costly multiple implementations in heterogeneous systems.
In this work, we propose **_Authenticated Cyclic Redundancy Integrity Check (ACRIC)_**, a novel security mechanism designed to overcome these limitations by leveraging a cryptographic computation of the existing CRC field to ensure message integrity protection and authentication. ACRIC preserves backward compatibility without requiring additional hardware and is protocol agnostic. This makes it applicable across various systems, suitable for diverse legacy network protocols, including point-to-point and broadcast communications. Our experimental results, supported by formal verification and real-world testing, demonstrate that ACRIC provides robust security with minimal transmission overhead (<<1 ms). This proves ACRIC’s practicality, cost-effectiveness, and suitability for real-world adoption.

## Contents
This repository contains the source codes for ACRIC security assessment:
- [ACRIC Test Injectivity](Test_injectivity): This folder contains the source file to check the *Injectivity in the Initialization Vector* property of considered CRC functions.
- [Test Integrity Protection](Test_integrity_protection): This folder contains the source file to assess ACRIC's integrity protection resistance against tampering attacks experimentally.
- [Test Linearity](Test_linearity): This folder contains the source file to check whether the considered CRC functions are linear or not.
